feat!: implement the new sysand index read protocol (#288)
sensmetry/sysand: docs/src/commands/publish.md

## Options

- `--index <URL>`: URL of the package index to publish to. Required.
  Provide the configured index URL, which is the discovery root in the

>   index protocol (for example, `https://sysand.org` or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This is either a directory that contains `sysand-index-config.json`, or the index root that contains `index.json` (for example, `https://sysand.org` or
```
Hopefully this will be less confusing to users, especially those that self host the index.
